Modify rule S2083[C#]: Educational content (APPSEC-49) (#1121)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2083/common/fix/how-does-this-work.adoc

The universal way to prevent path injection is to validate paths constructed from untrusted data. 

The validation should be done as follow:

> 1. Resolve the canonical path of the file by using methods like java.io.File/getCanonicalPath. This will resolve relative path or path components like `../` and removes any ambiguity regarding the file's location. 

Reviewer: I have an idea for this one. I think that this generic text is good, but I think that using a java library is a shame, since we are specifically doing framework-specific fixes.

So here is a suggestion:

-> In `how-to-fix-it` files, just before the include of `code-rationale.adoc`, we create an asciidoc variable called `canonicalization_function`
-> The `code-rationale.adoc` file will just call it.

My next suggestions will give you an idea of what it will look like. I tested it and it works

Author: You are right it should be updated. I will take care of it.

> 1. Resolve the canonical path of the file by using methods like java.io.File/getCanonicalPath. This will resolve relative path or path components like `../` and removes any ambiguity regarding the file's location. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Resolve the canonical path of the file by using methods like {canonicalization_function}. This will resolve relative path or path components like `../` and removes any ambiguity regarding the file's location. 
```
